
		ANVL SUITE SCRIPT INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

	(Includes modules ANVL, OM, and ERC and commands anvl and erc)


ANVL OVERVIEW

ANVL (A Name Value Language) is a simple text-based record syntax
similar to email headers.  An ANVL record is a sequence of elements
ending in a blank line, where each element consists of a label, colon,
and value and long values may be continued on subsequent indented lines.
ANVL is somewhat comparable to the JSON and YAML syntaxes.

An ERC (Electronic Resource Citation) is a (meta)data record with
elements that can be expressed in a variety of concrete syntaxes, such as
ANVL, Turtle, XML, and JSON.  The ERC Perl module currently only provides a
lookup for ERC element names and corresponding semi-numeric codes.

The OM (Output Multiplexer) module provides formatting support for the
above-mentioned set of syntaxes.


ANVL SUITE INSTALLATION

If not already unpacked, unpack the suite with

   tar xzf File-ANVL-0.1.tar.gz

after adjusting the version number as needed.  The current version is
known to pass build tests on Linux, Solaris, Mac, and Windows systems.

To install the module and script, type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

For the "make install" you may have to become the superuser, as in,

   sudo make install


COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, UC Regents
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the University of California nor the names of
      its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
      from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks to Charles Blair and Erik Hetzner for RDF conversion advice and to
the Dublin Core Kernel Application Profile task group.
